v2.1.x (#18)
mia-care/documentation: docs/p4samd/handbook/risks.md

sidebar_label: Risks
---

# Risks

## Overview

The Table provides an overview of potential issues identified in the **P4SaMD** project. Each row in the table represents a **P4SaMD Risk entity in Jira**.  

> The risks displayed in the table originate from **Jira**, where they are created, updated, and edited. The table dynamically reflects any changes made in Jira, ensuring up-to-date risk assessment.

Author: ```suggestion
The risks displayed in the table originate from the integrated ALM, where they are created, updated, and edited. The table dynamically reflects any changes made in the ALM, ensuring up-to-date risk assessment.
```
